QueueSimulator v1.05 Distribution Information

What is Distribution?
---------------------

The distribution term used in QueueSimulator refers to the random number generators
whose characteristics are given by the PDF of the said distribution function.

Distribution Categories
-----------------------

There are currently two distribution categories available:
1 - Basic Distribution
Distributions that are commonly used in probability theory.
Currently five of them are available :
Exponential
Gaussian
Uniform
Deterministic
Geometric

2 - Combined Distribution
Distributions that are created by using two other distributions.
Currently three of them are available :
Sum of distribution random numbers
Multiplication of distribution random numbers
Sum of distributions which is effectively acquired by ORing the random numbers.

Distribution Parameters
-----------------------

There are some parameters that are common to all distribution types. These are :
Minimum clipping and Minimum clipping enable
Maximum clipping and Maximum clipping enable

Clipping
-------

The clipping term used here refers to Hard-Clipping which is applied AFTER the
random number is generated.

Example :
Gaussian Distribution with 0 mean and 1 standard deviation
Minimum clip = 0 , enabled
Maximum clip disabled

Right after random numbers which are gaussian are generated, they are set to 0 if they are smaller than 0.
if number randomed into -2 it will be set to 0.
if number randomed into 1 it will not be affected.

This process shifts the probability densities of numbers that are smaller than minimum clip onto the minimum clip.
Similar process is valid for maximum clip as well.

Specific Parameters
-------------------

Each distribution includes a set of distinct parameters required
for generating random numbers from that distribution.

Exponential Distribution -> Rate
Gaussian Distribution -> Mean, Standard Deviation
Uniform Distribution -> Minimum, Maximum
Deterministic -> Value
Geometric -> Probability between 0 and 1, Scale
The scale field in geometric distribution basically multiplies the
generated random number with the specified amount.

ORred Distribution -> Probability of selecting Distribution B over A

Apart from these each combined distribution requires exactly two distributions as parameters.

Distribution Utilities
----------------------

There are some methods included in the program to help 
visualize the generated distributions which are :
Basic Formula
Histogram
Central Moments - Mean, Standard Deviation, Skewness, Kurtosis
L-Moments - Mean, L-Scale, L-Skewness, L-Kurtosis

